add doc link (#298)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-gettingstarted: README.adoc

The `component` element is a Java package or class, and the `level` element is one of the following logging levels: `off`, `fatal`, `severe`, `warning`, `audit`, `info`, `config`, `detail`, `fine`, `finer`, `finest`, `all`.

> For more information, see the https://www.openliberty.io/docs/latest/reference/config/logging.html[logging element documentation^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the documentation for the https://www.openliberty.io/docs/latest/log-trace-configuration.html#log_details[Trace log detail levels^] documentation.
```
